Implement md.merge() (#1204)
aio-libs/multidict: CHANGES/292.feature.rst

> Added :meth:`multidict.MultiDict.merge` which adds all items from arguments if added key
> not exist in the dictionary -- by :user:`asvetlov`.

Author: ```suggestion
Added :meth:`multidict.MultiDict.merge` which copies all items from arguments if its key
not exist in the dictionary -- by :user:`asvetlov`.
```
